Data Usage Policy: Glycine max cv. Lee v1.0 and Glycine soja PI 483463 genome assemblies

As a public service, the researchers who have assembled the genomes of Glycine max 
cv. Lee and Glycine soja PI 483463 are making these genome assemblies available before 
scientific publication according to the Ft. Lauderdale Accord 
(https://www.genome.gov/pages/research/wellcomereport0303.pdf). These data sets have 
been made available from the Legume Federation / SoyBase Data Store prior to 
peer-reviewed publication of the data, with the expectation and desire to publish 
analysis of the data in a reasonable time without preemption by other groups. 
By accessing these data, you agree not to publish any articles containing analyses 
of genes or genomic data on a whole genome or chromosome scale prior to publication 
by the sequencing consortium of a comprehensive genome analysis ("Reserved Analyses"). 
Reserved analyses include the identification of complete (whole genome) sets of 
genomic features such as genes, gene families, regulatory elements, repeat structures, 
GC content, or any other genome feature, and whole-genome- or chromosome- scale comparisons 
with other species including other soybean species and cultivars. For specific questions 
about data use please send your inquiry to Dr. Henry Nguyen, nguyenhenry@missouri.edu.

Also note that this assembly data is being made available prior to deposition at GenBank.
The assemblies MAY CHANGE during deposition. Therefore, please treat these assemblies as
initial drafts versions.

If you will be employing the data for non-reserved analyses, such as cloning a gene of
interest, designing mapping panels or to analyze a gene family etc., please reference 
"The Glycine max cv Lee and Glycine soja PI 483463 sequencing consortium, pre-publication" 
in your provisional citation.

These data may be freely downloaded and used by all who respect the restrictions in the
previous paragraphs. The assembly and annotations should not be redistributed or
repackaged without permission. Once the sequence is moved to unreserved status, the data 
will be freely available for any subsequent use. If you wish to use this data, please 
contact Dr. Henry Nguyen, nguyenhenry@missouri.edu with your plans, to ensure that 
proposed usage of sequence data are not Reserved Analyses.

Principal Investigators: 
Henry T. Nguyen, nguyenhenry@missouri.edu 
Babu Valliyodan, valliyodanb@missouri.edu 
Steven Cannon, steven.cannon@ars.usda.gov 
Hon Ming Lam, honming@cuhk.edu.hk 
Dave Edwards, dave.edwards@uwa.edu.au 
Ting-Fung Chan, tf.chan@cuhk.edu.hk
Jeremy Schmutz, jschmutz@hudsonalpha.com
Qijian Song, Qijian.Song@ARS.USDA.GOV

